Good morning and welcome to week three.
NOTE CONF
Hi.
So before we start today, I want to give a
NOTE CONF
shout out.
I want to give a shout out to Matt's pulse.
NOTE CONF
So much.
Pulse is a support for students, especially for Cap and
NOTE CONF
for PPS.
And these are your fellow students in further years down
NOTE CONF
the line.
That will help you with any questions that you may
NOTE CONF
have.
They are the details.
NOTE CONF
That's the QR code.
I will put this PDF on the learn page so
NOTE CONF
you can kind of access it and have a look
at the QR code in later on.
NOTE CONF
I would strongly recommend you take support when you need
it.
NOTE CONF
So don't wait for two weeks before the exam to
think, oh my god, I never understood derivatives, But take
NOTE CONF
all the supports that you can get.
We have workshops.
NOTE CONF
You have math pals that you can access at these
dates and and hours in the at the.
NOTE CONF
At the King building house.
So do don't just sit there and think I cannot
NOTE CONF
do this.
I mean, if I think back when I was a
NOTE CONF
first year student, which isn't quite yesterday, I think I
could have done with all the supports that I could
NOTE CONF
have got.
And so you have a lot of things that you
NOTE CONF
can access.
So please do if you need them.
NOTE CONF
Okay.
So this is week three.
NOTE CONF
Is there anybody that can volunteer me a quick recap
of what you did last week.
NOTE CONF
Given that I wasn't here.
Anybody that wants to tell me what you did last
NOTE CONF
week.
Not much.
NOTE CONF
Oh, limits.
So do you want to say three words about limits?
NOTE CONF
Wait wait wait.
Hey, I'm in the mic.
NOTE CONF
Oh I know.
Come on.
NOTE CONF
Limits from both sides.
From the right and left.
NOTE CONF
Uh, we checked if they exist and.
Stuff.
NOTE CONF
Okay, let.
Me see about that.
NOTE CONF
Can anybody else add to this?
A show of hand if you think you have seen
NOTE CONF
continuity of functions.
Excellent.
NOTE CONF
So today we are going to get on a little
bit on this idea of limits and continuity.
NOTE CONF
And we are going to talk about derivatives.
As I often as I always do when I teach,
NOTE CONF
I just want to have a couple of slides, five
minutes to recap on the things which are really important
NOTE CONF
on the chapter that you should have read for today,
not that the rest is not important.
NOTE CONF
Everything is important, but these are things that other students
As I know the student fund difficult or that is
NOTE CONF
really important to remember.
So let's see what these are.
NOTE CONF
So the derivative at a point to a curve is
the slope of the tangent line to that curve at
NOTE CONF
that point.
Now if you want to think about the all the
NOTE CONF
derivatives one curve with every point where is the derivative
exists.
NOTE CONF
You could think about a family of straight lines that
varies as the point varies on the curve.
NOTE CONF
I'm not going to bring up Desmos now, but I've
made you like an animation that can show you this
NOTE CONF
tangent line that moves along a curve as the point
moves along the curve, and we think about the tangent
NOTE CONF
line, or sometimes we think about the tangent line as
if I have two points that intersect, say a second
NOTE CONF
degree curve as these two points get very close.
The line which is defined by these two points gets
NOTE CONF
very close to the tangent line.
Okay.
NOTE CONF
So.
Don't forget that for a tangent we need the curve
NOTE CONF
and the point.
We also know because we should know this because you
NOTE CONF
have read it in in the chapter for today that
I can think about the derivative as a rate of
NOTE CONF
change.
So you can see how I can think about the
NOTE CONF
same mathematical objects in different ways.
So I can think of an object in a geometrical
NOTE CONF
way, if you like, which is this idea of like
going to see the tangent line to the curve.
NOTE CONF
But I can think about the derivative also in an
analytical way, if you like, which is the process and
NOTE CONF
the definition of the derivative, which we'll see in a
minute.
NOTE CONF
But I can also think in more, I want to
say applied terms as the derivative as a rate of
NOTE CONF
change.
And we will have a couple of exercises questions in
NOTE CONF
book club today to see how we can think about
the derivative as the rate of change.
NOTE CONF
The things which are important to think about.
The derivative is a function in itself, right?
NOTE CONF
So this function may in itself have a derivative or
may not have a derivative, will have a range and
NOTE CONF
will have a domain.
So in order to think about derivatives and say oh
NOTE CONF
I want to calculate the derivative.
And then I want to calculate the second degree derivative.
NOTE CONF
Each time you need to think about this object that
you have in front of you as a function.
NOTE CONF
And so you need to go in and check whether
actually the second derivative exists given the first derivative and
NOTE CONF
all these things.
So the fact that the function has a first derivative
NOTE CONF
doesn't really mean that the second or third the fourth
derivative will will exist.
NOTE CONF
Each each derivative is a function in itself.
So the calculation of the first derivative involves limits.
NOTE CONF
How do I calculate this while I take an increment
of a function which is usually of an x that
NOTE CONF
which usually is h.
I will put the formula up in one of my
NOTE CONF
exercises, and we see what happens when this increment becomes
smaller and smaller and smaller.
NOTE CONF
Now, what is the idea here?
The idea is that a derivative exists to know if
NOTE CONF
a derivative exists.
I need to think about limits.
NOTE CONF
Right.
So my question does the derivative at this point to
NOTE CONF
this curve exists kind of bounces back as a question
about limits.
NOTE CONF
And we will see what are the conditions by which
the derivative exists and what is the relative limit.
NOTE CONF
All the rules that we studied at school as rules.
I have one I've got one up there just as
NOTE CONF
a as an example are derived by applying the definition
of the derivative.
NOTE CONF
My first principle there I have an example where I
want to calculate the derivative of the second degree curve.
NOTE CONF
Obviously you look at it and you say okay that's
two x plus three, but why is it two x
NOTE CONF
plus three?
We studied the formula for polynomials, but that's actually showing
NOTE CONF
from first principle y that is the derivative to the
polynomial.
NOTE CONF
So you need to think about it behind all these
formulas that you know there are sometimes really complex applications
NOTE CONF
of that one formula on the board.
So what else?
NOTE CONF
Okay.
I, uh, let's see whether this works.
NOTE CONF
So.
Excellent.
NOTE CONF
Okay.
Today we are going to do something slightly different from
NOTE CONF
what we did in week one with me.
I'm not sure what you did lightly.
NOTE CONF
I'm going to let you log in on this question.
So please everybody log in.
NOTE CONF
And then I'm going to switch off the screen with
a hook up question on.
NOTE CONF
So you don't see what is the majority vote to
that question.
NOTE CONF
Shall we try.
I'm just going to switch it off.
NOTE CONF
You have the question there.
Okay.
NOTE CONF
So everybody logs in.
I've got like only I think.
NOTE CONF
Yeah.
Okay.
NOTE CONF
Any more.
It's more than 157 people in here.
NOTE CONF
Come on.
Okay.
NOTE CONF
I am going to switch this off.
And I will leave you to vote.
NOTE CONF
You have got the text in there anyway.
Actually, next time what I should put, I should do.
NOTE CONF
I should put the QR code in that slide.
Okay.
NOTE CONF
I'm going to give you five minutes.
This requires a moment of thinking this question.
NOTE CONF
Oh that's exciting.
You can't see the majority vote.
NOTE CONF
Oh, I.
Oh.
NOTE CONF
Yes.
Thank you.
NOTE CONF
Thank.
You.
NOTE CONF
Jesus.
Christ.
NOTE CONF
Jesus.
What?
NOTE CONF
Do you do?
Oh!
NOTE CONF
Oh.
Oh, oh.
NOTE CONF
Don't.
Say.
NOTE CONF
Amazing.
Great.
NOTE CONF
Okay.
Do we need one more minute?
NOTE CONF
Who would like to have one more minute to think
about this?
NOTE CONF
Okay.
So we have a look.
NOTE CONF
Let's have a look.
You.
NOTE CONF
Are excellent.
So this is about, um, the, uh.
NOTE CONF
I mean, I'm happy to say that a lot of
people thought that the right question was the right question,
NOTE CONF
like, the right answer was the right answer.
So that is indeed the right answer.
NOTE CONF
And we will go through how we get this answer
and a little bit more things around it in a
NOTE CONF
minute.
But does anybody want to explain who bought it for
NOTE CONF
me, want to explain to me why they voted for
B?
NOTE CONF
What did I do?
I'm going to come up here.
NOTE CONF
No.
I should really bring the other mic with me, but
NOTE CONF
never mind.
Next time.
NOTE CONF
Found the change in the or the the height at
the two times at one second and 1.5 seconds and
NOTE CONF
then found the change in the height.
Um, well, specifically did the height at 1.5 seconds minus
NOTE CONF
the height of one second divided by the difference in
times is 0.5 seconds.
NOTE CONF
Yep.
Okay.
NOTE CONF
Let's have a look at this a little bit more.
Um, come formally on the board if you like.
NOTE CONF
Okay.
So as our colleague up there was saying, this is
NOTE CONF
exactly what we do, right?
So we try to we start by calculated to find
NOTE CONF
the average velocity.
We need to calculate the displacement over time.
NOTE CONF
And the displacement is the basically the length of the
segment h1 um h of one h of 1.5 divided
NOTE CONF
the time, which is that?
And then I find my solution.
NOTE CONF
Now let's think about this for one more moment, if
that's okay.
NOTE CONF
So I could do this for a lot of the
segments between the heights that I'm given.
NOTE CONF
So for example, if I want to do it on
one and 1.1, I obtain the first expression on one
NOTE CONF
and 1.0, one the second expression, and so on.
I want to ask what is the limit of this
NOTE CONF
expression as the interval becomes smaller and smaller?
What would this limit give me?
NOTE CONF
Why am I asking what is this limit apart from
the fact that we've done limit last week?
NOTE CONF
So it's good to exercise.
Any taker.
NOTE CONF
Oh, that's not true.
No, wait Instantaneous.
NOTE CONF
Instantaneous velocity.
Sorry.
NOTE CONF
You were too far away.
I will come.
NOTE CONF
Do you want to say something?
Oh, okay.
NOTE CONF
Wait.
Not like this.
NOTE CONF
I cannot hear you.
Nobody else can hear you.
NOTE CONF
This is better than going to the gym.
So you wanted to say something else?
NOTE CONF
Velocity, right?
And I also wanted to say that this will help
NOTE CONF
us calculate the derivative of this function.
Exactly.
NOTE CONF
So the reason why I'm asking you about this limit
is because I want to find eventually some sort of
NOTE CONF
derivative.
So let's go and have a look how I do
NOTE CONF
that.
So.
NOTE CONF
I do it in the way in which I do
a derivative.
NOTE CONF
Right.
So in the first, in the first line, that's my
NOTE CONF
definition of the derivative.
No, you remember f you have f of x plus
NOTE CONF
h minus f of x of h.
And this is your derivative.
NOTE CONF
That's just that um formula for principles.
First principle applied to the function we have at the
NOTE CONF
moment, which is the function h of t.
And that's the first derivative.
NOTE CONF
Now what that's going to think about if I want
to think about this.
NOTE CONF
So we said before that the derivative is a limit
and it doesn't always exist.
NOTE CONF
That's the formal definition.
When does this derivative exist.
NOTE CONF
Give them limits last week.
So you need to know this.
NOTE CONF
Yep.
Now come on.
NOTE CONF
The graph is continuous at that point.
So this is an interesting answer.
NOTE CONF
The answer was the derivative exists when the function is
continuous at that point.
NOTE CONF
Can anybody make a comment on this statement?
No.
NOTE CONF
How many people think that a continuous function means that
the function which is continuous at one point, means that
NOTE CONF
the function has a derivative at that point?
Guys.
NOTE CONF
What do you think?
The the function can exist.
NOTE CONF
Um, sorry.
The it can be continuous, but if it's got if
NOTE CONF
it's like, uh, the tangent is vertical or there's a
corner or something, then it doesn't have a derivative because
NOTE CONF
the limit approaching either side gives a different tangent or
it's infinity.
NOTE CONF
Fantastic.
I don't know how many of you heard this.
NOTE CONF
Sorry.
Next time I'll bring the other mic.
NOTE CONF
So the fact that the function is continuous at one
point is a necessary condition for the derivatives to exist.
NOTE CONF
If the function is not continuous, the derivative of that
does not exist.
NOTE CONF
But it's not sufficient because, as your colleague said, I
can have functions which are continuous at one point, but
NOTE CONF
they don't have a derivative at that point.
And why could that be the case?
NOTE CONF
Well, the derivative is a limit.
So in order for that limit, whatever it represents to
NOTE CONF
exist, I need to be sure that coming to the
point zero from the right I obtain the same result.
NOTE CONF
Then I obtain coming from the point zero to the
left, which is where your colleague in the beginning of
NOTE CONF
the lecture was saying.
Right.
NOTE CONF
So.
Before the derivative exists, I need to make sure that
NOTE CONF
these two items limit from the right and limit from
the left at that point are the same.
NOTE CONF
Let's see whether I have an example.
Ah yes.
NOTE CONF
So mod x the function mod x which is the
function there on my graph.
NOTE CONF
Are we happy to say that that function is continuous
everywhere?
NOTE CONF
Why is that continuous at zero.
Who can tell me down here so I avoid another
NOTE CONF
going up and down?
Why is the function continuous at zero?
NOTE CONF
Do you want to see.
From the right.
NOTE CONF
Is equal to the limit from the left to the
value to the value?
NOTE CONF
Exactly.
The function is continuous because if you go and say
NOTE CONF
and do the limit of FFA of Fox to zero
from the left and to the right, these limits are
NOTE CONF
the same.
So the function is continuous at zero.
NOTE CONF
However, that function does not have a derivative at zero.
So you see how being continuous is a necessary condition.
NOTE CONF
If it is not continuous, forget it.
But it's not sufficient.
NOTE CONF
Something else must happen in order to have a derivative.
Okay, so let's see what else can we do.
NOTE CONF
So if I go back to my original question, which
we have answered half an hour ago, but in the
NOTE CONF
meantime we have said something which is really interesting.
And I apply the rules of the derivative.
NOTE CONF
I can calculate DDT of h of x, which we
had done.
NOTE CONF
But if I calculate the acceleration I do a second
degree derivative.
NOTE CONF
Okay.
Yeah.
NOTE CONF
So this is how in some sense we can connect
this quite abstract idea of taking derivatives each time two
NOTE CONF
things which are a little bit more applied.
So if there is anybody in here that's doing mathematics
NOTE CONF
and physics, then they will find this familiar, I imagine.
Okay.
NOTE CONF
Let's have a look.
I think I have one more question.
NOTE CONF
Oh, yeah.
There we are.
NOTE CONF
Okay.
As we did before.
NOTE CONF
Log in and then switch off the screen and then
we'll see what happens.
NOTE CONF
Oh gosh.
Okay.
NOTE CONF
Yeah.
And we'll take We'll take five minutes.
NOTE CONF
Okay.
Just have a bit of a think about it.
NOTE CONF
I.
Should have sat down.
NOTE CONF
That's all right.
Good for.
NOTE CONF
Me.
Are we assuming that the arrow was shot, like, from
NOTE CONF
the ground?
Yeah.
NOTE CONF
And actually.
That's.
NOTE CONF
Subjective, right.
Yeah.
NOTE CONF
So we're assuming that it's shot from a height of
zero metres.
NOTE CONF
Okay, cool.
Thank you.
NOTE CONF
All.
Right.
NOTE CONF
Yeah.
Okay.
NOTE CONF
I'm giving you two more minutes.
I've got loads of votes missing.
NOTE CONF
Like comparing to how many people are logged in.
Okay.
NOTE CONF
There are still about 80 people that haven't voted, so
about another 35 seconds.
NOTE CONF
Come on.
Gosh.
NOTE CONF
That's quiet.
Okay, let's have a look.
NOTE CONF
So this is the result of your vote.
And I am very pleased to say that.
NOTE CONF
I think that's the right answer.
So how do we get there?
NOTE CONF
Anybody that spotted that and wants to volunteer, how we
get there?
NOTE CONF
I can see no.
Hands up.
NOTE CONF
Nobody volunteering.
Okay, let's have a look.
NOTE CONF
So what do we need to do here?
If you look at the equation of the height which
NOTE CONF
is h of t, which is how the height varies
with bearing of time.
NOTE CONF
That equation is a second degree polynomial.
So it's some sort of a parabola okay.
NOTE CONF
And it is some sort of a parabola with the
concavity of both like towards the, towards the bottom.
NOTE CONF
Because the first term because the square term is negative.
Okay.
NOTE CONF
So if I have a parabola and the term of
the x square is positive, the parabola has concavity towards
NOTE CONF
the top.
Otherwise it's concavity towards the bottom.
NOTE CONF
So I assume that I shoot an arrow From the
bow, from from the ground.
NOTE CONF
As your colleague has asked me, is exactly the right
assumption.
NOTE CONF
So what happens?
I shoot the arrows.
NOTE CONF
The arrows does something, and then it gets back to
the ground.
NOTE CONF
So at that time, at least two times.
So the start and the end, the height is zero
NOTE CONF
because the head has come up from the ground and
has done all its parabola and it's come back to
NOTE CONF
the ground.
So I need to find out where that is.
NOTE CONF
Zero.
And that height is zero for these two values.
NOTE CONF
So the first value seems obvious because he's zero at
the moment when I start, because I start from the
NOTE CONF
ground.
And that's the second value.
NOTE CONF
And to find the velocity I just find the first
derivative.
NOTE CONF
Okay.
Does this make sense?
NOTE CONF
Are you happy with the outcome of this question or
is there anything you would like to ask?
NOTE CONF
No.
Okay.
NOTE CONF
Let's see what that's there is actually there is one
more slide to this.
NOTE CONF
Now.
I think we discussed this at great length in the
NOTE CONF
first week.
I'm a big fan of being able to draw graphs.
NOTE CONF
The parabola you see in that picture is not the
parabola described by this, by this equation of height, because
NOTE CONF
I tried to do that.
And it's really weird.
NOTE CONF
It's very narrow.
I have to magnify a lot, but it's a parabola
NOTE CONF
which looks pretty much the same.
Right?
NOTE CONF
It's concavity there at the bottom and as a maximum
somewhere there.
NOTE CONF
So if you see what happens to the R or
the arrow goes up and then changes direction right.
NOTE CONF
So you shoot an arrow it comes down like this.
So at the top of the parabola the velocity is
NOTE CONF
zero okay.
And then it starts decreasing.
NOTE CONF
So we can think about this exercise also in that
way.
NOTE CONF
So we can think about this as a slope of
the tangent at the top.
NOTE CONF
The slope of the tangent is zero, because it's the
parallel to the max point of the parabola is parallel
NOTE CONF
to the x axis, so that the slope is zero,
and then it reverts back.
NOTE CONF
If you try to picture yourself how these functions work,
or if you go into Desmos and do it in
NOTE CONF
Desmos, that's also fine that it really is going to
be helpful to understand how these modelling problems look like.
NOTE CONF
Okay.
And once you have learned how three or 4 or
NOTE CONF
5 standard curves work, one of which is the parabola,
then you will be able to recall this and be
NOTE CONF
able to work out what is that you need to
do.
NOTE CONF
But this is another way of thinking about it.
Okay.
NOTE CONF
Let's go back.
To.
NOTE CONF
Let's go back to not applications.
She said okay.
NOTE CONF
So this is just about.
Being differentiable.
NOTE CONF
So where does the derivative exist.
I am I logged in I'm going to switch this
NOTE CONF
office out right.
I noticed that there was an early voter.
NOTE CONF
So I'm going to give you four minutes.
Okay.
NOTE CONF
Yeah.
It's interesting.
NOTE CONF
Okay, one more minute.
I need more people to vote.
NOTE CONF
I only have 170 votes out of 298 people logged
in.
NOTE CONF
Have you voted?
Excellent.
NOTE CONF
Okay, this is now really interesting.
Now look at the votes.
NOTE CONF
So obviously only one of these two is correct.
Can somebody explain to me why they voted number two
NOTE CONF
and why the thing is correct?
Or just simply.
NOTE CONF
Can somebody tell me why they excluded zero.
Oh, sorry.
NOTE CONF
I did not see you up there.
Okay.
NOTE CONF
Um, so going back to, um, first principles where, like
defining the derivative for mod X, then there isn't a
NOTE CONF
limit at f of x equals zero for the mod
x part of the equation.
NOTE CONF
Equation?
No, but but like there is no limit at zero
NOTE CONF
for the mod x part.
So you can't really define like a derivative at zero.
NOTE CONF
Well let's have a look.
What happens.
NOTE CONF
Because I think the situation is a little bit more
complex than that.
NOTE CONF
So the first thing that would help and I would
I would recommend this is to plot the equation.
NOTE CONF
If you plot the equation, you see that the equation
is continuous at zero, right?
NOTE CONF
Let's have a look at the graph.
So when I have when I have things like mod
NOTE CONF
and so on, I think it's helpful to think about
this as piecewise defined equations.
NOTE CONF
Right.
So this is the equation and this is the derivative.
NOTE CONF
Now if I show you the now the first thing
I want to say is that for what you see
NOTE CONF
on the board that derivative is continuous everywhere.
And we need to understand what happens at zero okay.
NOTE CONF
If I show you the plot of that equation.
This is the x mod x that's continuous at zero.
NOTE CONF
So in principle it could have a derivative.
Now, if I go and calculate the limits from the
NOTE CONF
left and the limit from the right of the derivative,
I found out that actually these are the same and
NOTE CONF
this is zero.
So this is defined everywhere.
NOTE CONF
So the right answer is the answer number three.
So when you think about this thing it is true.
NOTE CONF
Absolutely.
The mod X has does funny things around zero.
NOTE CONF
But that equation is not just mod x is x
times mod x.
NOTE CONF
And and doing yourself the graph of the equation helps
you understanding what's going on.
NOTE CONF
If that had had a massive discontinuity in zero, then
you could have said, okay, this is not what I'm
NOTE CONF
looking for.
But in fact, as you can see, it doesn't.
NOTE CONF
In fact, I think that will happen since zero changes
concavity, which is fine.
NOTE CONF
It's not a discontinuity, it's just how we call it.
Um, it's just a special point.
NOTE CONF
I think we have time for just one more.
Let's have a look.
NOTE CONF
This should be really, really easy.
We should be able doing this to go to go
NOTE CONF
away like four minutes earlier than the hour.
Okay, so you have it there.
NOTE CONF
Can you log in?
I'm just going to switch to.
NOTE CONF
Oh, God.
Okay, that was quick.
NOTE CONF
We're not.
What can I say?
NOTE CONF
Is this the.
Hyperbolic.
NOTE CONF
Functions one or another one?
Sorry.
NOTE CONF
Say it again.
Is this like the hyperbolic functions one?
NOTE CONF
Yeah.
You see two the x.
NOTE CONF
X is the x minus e negative x over two
or.
NOTE CONF
No no no we're not thinking about hyperbolic functions I'm
looking at that.
NOTE CONF
Well I'm going to say it in a minute, but
I'm looking at that as a composite function.
NOTE CONF
Right.
It's an f of g of x where the f
NOTE CONF
of x is the arcsine of the g of x
is the g of x.
NOTE CONF
Okay.
Yeah.
NOTE CONF
So.
Sorry for your loss.
NOTE CONF
Oh.
Thank you.
NOTE CONF
Sorry.
Thank you.
NOTE CONF
Somebody pointed out to my slides.
Can anybody else see my type in my slides?
NOTE CONF
Yep.
Yeah, exactly.
NOTE CONF
That should be d y d x, which I will
correct for next group.
NOTE CONF
That is coming after you.
Okay.
NOTE CONF
So I think that I can show you the results.
This was very very uncontroversial.
NOTE CONF
Because.
I think everybody has understood that we are dealing with
NOTE CONF
what.
Well what is that?
NOTE CONF
Um.
So what do I need to think about if I
NOTE CONF
want to take the derivative of that function?
Of course.
NOTE CONF
And you want to tell me.
Um.
NOTE CONF
And so by using the chain rule, you have the
derivative of arc sine of e to the x, which
NOTE CONF
is one over root, one minus e to the two
x multiplied by the derivative of e to the x,
NOTE CONF
which is just e to the x.
Exactly.
NOTE CONF
So this is the classic example of a time where
you need to remember the chain rule.
NOTE CONF
Okay.
This is a composition of function.
NOTE CONF
You have f of g of x and f of
x is the arcsine function.
NOTE CONF
And the g of x is the e to the
x function.
NOTE CONF
So if I wanted to just apply the um.
The chain rule is the standard Chain rule application.
NOTE CONF
And so I have yeah.
You see I got it correct there.
NOTE CONF
So I have, I have d dx of f of
g of x is f dash of g f times
NOTE CONF
g dash.
This is pretty standard application of the chain rule okay.
NOTE CONF
So I think we're done for today.
Do you have any questions.
NOTE CONF
Anything you want to ask me.
Okay so we finished three minutes earlier then.
NOTE CONF
Guys, given that we're not going to be a lot
of people, can you come a bit closer so I
NOTE CONF
can see you?
Because otherwise I need binoculars to see you up there.
NOTE CONF